doc: update the manual deployment on the rke2 cluster (#288)
harvester/docs: docs/rancher/cloud-provider.md

  ![](/img/v1.2/rancher/rke2-cloud-provider.png)

> Also, we could deploy Harvester Node Driver manually. Before it, we choose the provisioner `None` as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, we can deploy the Harvester node driver manually. Before it, choose the provisioner `None` as follows.
```

> You can also deploy the Harvester Node Driver manually. On the Cluster Configuration page, select `None` under **Cloud Provider** as shown below. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also deploy the Harvester Node Driver manually. On the **Cluster Configuration** page, select `None` for **Cloud Provider** as shown below. 
```

  ![](/img/v1.2/rancher/choose_cloud_provider_none.png)

Then, please perform the following steps to deploy it manually.

> 1. Generate and inject cloud config for `harvester-cloud-provider`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Generate and inject cloud-config for `harvester-cloud-provider`.
```

:::note

It depends on `kubectl` and `jq` to operate the Harvester cluster. The following script needs access to the `Harvester Cluster` kubeconfig to work. The `<serviceaccount name>` is usually your guest cluster name, and `<namespace>` is also the namespace with the guest cluster created.

:::

> - install jq

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install jq:
```

> - Install jq:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Install `jq`:
```

  ![](/img/v1.2/rancher/install_jq.png)

> - setup kubectl and kubeconfig

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set up kubectl and kubeconfig:
```

> - Set up kubectl and kubeconfig:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Set up `kubectl` and the kubeconfig file:
```

  ![](/img/v1.2/rancher/setup_kubectl_and_kubeconfig.png)

> You can generate the kubeconfig using the [generate_addon.sh](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/harvester/cloud-provider-harvester/master/deploy/generate_addon.sh) script. It is available on the [harvester/cloud-provider-harvester](https://github.com/harvester/cloud-provider-harvester) repo.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can generate the kubeconfig file using the [generate_addon.sh](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/harvester/cloud-provider-harvester/master/deploy/generate_addon.sh) script. It is available on the [harvester/cloud-provider-harvester](https://github.com/harvester/cloud-provider-harvester) repo.
```

```
# ./generate_addon.sh <serviceaccount name> <namespace>
```

> 2. The output of this script will contain the cloud-init user data like the following. We tried to patch it again to the **Machine Pools >Show Advanced > User Data**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The output of this script will contain the cloud-init user data similar to the following one. Copy and paste it again to **Machine Pools > Show Advanced > User Data**.
```

> 2. The output of this script contains cloud-init user data similar to the sample below. Copy and paste the script output to **Machine Pools > Show Advanced > User Data**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. The output of this script contains cloud-init user data similar to the sample below. Copy and paste the script output to **Machine Pools > Show Advanced > User Data**.
```

  ![](/img/v1.2/rancher/generated_kubeconfig.png)

  ![](/img/v1.2/rancher/patch_user_data.png)

> 3. After the VM is re-provisioned, add the following `HelmChart` yaml of `harvester-cloud-provider` to **Cluster Configuration > Add-On Config > Additional Manifest**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. After the VM is re-provisioned, add the following `HelmChart` yaml of `harvester-cloud-provider` to **Cluster Configuration > Add-On Config > Additional Manifest**.
```

> 3. After the VM is re-provisioned, add the following `HelmChart` yaml of `harvester-cloud-provider` to **Cluster Configuration > Add-On Config > Additional Manifest**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. After the VM is re-provisioned, add the following `HelmChart` yaml of `harvester-cloud-provider` to **Cluster Configuration > Add-On Config > Additional Manifest**.
```

  ![](/img/v1.2/rancher/harvester_cloud_provider_yaml.png)

> 4. Disable the in-tree cloud provider.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Disable the in-tree cloud provider.
```

  - Click the `Edit as YAML` button
  ![](/img/v1.2/rancher/edit-k3s-cluster-yaml.png)

>   - Set `disable-cloud-controller: true` to disable default cloud controller

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Set `disable-cloud-controller: true` to disable the default cloud controller.
```

>   - Set `disable-cloud-controller: true` to disable the default cloud controller.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Set `disable-cloud-controller: true` to disable the default RKE2 cloud controller.
```

  - Add `cloud-provider=external` to use Harvester cloud provider.
  ![](/img/v1.2/rancher/disable_and_setup_cloud_provider.png)

> After performing the steps above, we should now successfully provision an external cloud provider on the RKE2 cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With these settings configured, an RKE2 cluster should successfully provision using the external cloud provider.
```

> 

Reviewer 3: I think we should dismiss the `None` option here since use the built-in `Harvester` cloud-provider is always recommended. For the CSI driver, it would different since the cloud provider is not a required dependency.
